B K SUBBURAMAN

Flat No.4, Vigyan Vihar Apartment, # 8, 4th Cross, Jaladashini Layout,
R M V 2nd Stage, Bangalore: 560 094, e-mail: bksraman@gmail.com
Mobile: +91 8277566551

November 2019

TESTIMONIAL / LETTER OF APPRECIATION

I am happy to give this testimonial to Dr. Varsha Bandi. I have been consulting her for medical care of entire family: my wife and myself at Bangalore, daughter & family in USA and son & family in Hyderabad. I had mouth dryness, tongue getting stick, thirsty and frequent urination. I had therefore consulted Dr. Varsha for medical care. She advised me to do test for blood sugar. Alas I had sudden rise of blood sugar as PBS: 370, PPBS: 520, HBA1C: 11.5 in the month of April 2019 and weight loss from 57-58 kg to 53.5 kg. The blood sugar level in June 2018 was HBA1C: 6.7 and I was managing with diet control, exercise etc.

The sudden rise in blood sugar was due to myself having pressure of work demanding longer hours of sitting before Desktop, stress, less exercise and less sleep and also very often evening outside food because reaching home late.

Dr. Varsha advised that I need to change my lifestyle and at this age of 70 years, I should be careful and prescribed a course of Homoeo medicines suiting to my constitution of mind and body. She also advised dietary restrictions such as reducing carbohydrate foods like rice and wheat, taking more millets such as ragi and jowar, avoiding potato and other vegetables grown below the ground, eating more fibrous vegetables, avoiding fruits such as banana, custard apple, sapota and grapes, and taking fruits such as guava, papaya and mosambi.

She also advised me to take food in small quantities every two hours and to walk for 15-30 minutes after half an hour of breakfast, lunch and dinner.

I meticulously followed these instructions as follows:

Exercise:

Morning 45 minutes walk.

15-30 minutes walk after half an hour of breakfast, lunch and dinner.

Diet:

Breakfast:
Food prepared with ragi/jowar/bajra etc., with vegetable balliya/Rajma/moong dal and regular dosa/idli.

Lunch:
Lunch box with roti made of ragi/jowar/bajra with vegetable balliya, coriander/mint/ginger chutney and small quantity of rice.

Dinner:
Food prepared with ragi/jowar/bajra etc., with vegetable balliya/Rajma/moong dal and regular dosa/idli.

In between food:
Small serving of fruits.

Avoided sugar and sweets.

Medicine:
As prescribed by Dr. Varsha.

Every month blood sugar tests were done for review and after 3 months, it has been quite satisfactory.

I am maintaining good health and regaining weight. I am extremely pleased with the doctor in the manner she handled my case and advised and prescribed the right medicine for managing the blood sugar level.

B. K. SUBBURAMAN